README-DEV.md, before:

# Zea Engine

A high performance 3D rendering engine for the web.

![Test and build](https://github.com/ZeaInc/zea-engine/workflows/Test%20and%20build/badge.svg)
![Coverage: Statements](coverage/badge-statements.svg)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@zeainc/zea-engine?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@zeainc/zea-engine)
[![Code style: Prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)
[![This project is using Percy.io for visual regression testing.](https://percy.io/static/images/percy-badge.svg)](https://percy.io/36dba56e/zea-engine)

## Docs

[https://docs.zea.live/zea-engine/](https://docs.zea.live/zea-engine/)

## Getting started

1. Install Git.
2. Install Node.js from here: https://nodejs.org/en/download/ using the default options. It should be straight forward.
3. Install dependencies.

- Install the [Yarn package manager](https://yarnpkg.com/) (it should be included in the latest Node.js version).
- Run `yarn install`

4. Build:

- See the [scripts section](#scripts) below.

## Scripts

Note: The Zea Engine documentation uses `yarn` commands, but `npm` will also work. You can compare `yarn` and `npm` commands in the [yarn docs, here](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/migrating-from-npm#toc-cli-commands-comparison).

- `yarn run build` - Produces the production version of ZeaEngine.
- `yarn run build:watch` - Produces the development version of ZeaEngine and triggers a re-compilation on file changes.

## Running unit tests

In your development environment you can run:

```bash
yarn test
```

Or, to trigger a re-compilation on file changes:

```bash
yarn run test:watch
```

In your CI environment you can run:

```bash
yarn install --frozen-lockfile --ignore-scripts
yarn run build
yarn test
```

## Debugging unit tests

1. In your development environment, run:

```bash
yarn run test:debug
```

2. In your Chromium based browser, use this address to open the inspector: `chrome://inspect/#devices`

3. From the list of targets, click the one that corresponds to the Zea Engine.

4. Use the [debugger statement](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/debugger) to add breakpoints to your code.

5. Your browser will reload and now you're ready to start debugging.

## Typical development workflow

1. Open your preferred terminal.

2. Navigate to the directory containing the ZeaEngine sources. E.g. `cd ~/your-dir/zea-engine/`

3. Build ZeaEngine in development mode:

- Run `yarn run build:watch`. Produces the development version of ZeaEngine and triggers a re-compilation on file changes.

## About E2E testing

The End-to-End (E2E) testing technique allows us to ensure that the rendering results are always the expected ones.
We use the [Percy visual review platform](https://percy.io/) to capture and compare snapshots.
It's also a very important part of our CI/CD workflow, so we can catch and fix bugs as soon as they happen.

### How to run the E2E tests

1. From the [Percy project settings](https://percy.io/36dba56e/zea-engine/settings), copy the _project token_.

2. In your terminal, assign the _project token_ to an environment variable. For convenience, you can use a tool such as [direnv](https://direnv.net/).

3. Run:

```bash
yarn run test:e2e
```

Or, if you want to inspect the tests as they run:

```bash
yarn run test:e2e:watch
```

### How to set up a new E2E test

1. Run:

```bash
yarn generate e2e-test
```

You'll be prompted for the test's name.

## Publishing a new release

1. All unit and E2E tests must be passing.
2. To generate the release notes and bump the version, run:
```bash
yarn run release
```
3. Check for spelling issues and other inconsistencies.
4. To bump the package version, run:
```bash
yarn version
```
5. Push your changes. The GitHub Action script takes care of publishing every time you push a new tag.

### Publishing a pre-release

Pre-releases are potentially unstable releases meant for tests of new features before they are published to an production release.

This command automatically calculates the next stable version and a release candidate version.

```bash
yarn version --prerelease --preid rc
```

Adds an identifier specified by <pre-identifier> to be used to prefix premajor, preminor, prepatch or prerelease version increments.
```bash
yarn version --prerelease --preid <pre-identifier>
```

Commit message:

docs: Added notes to release process for publishing new docs.

README-DEV.md, after:

# Zea Engine

A high performance 3D rendering engine for the web.

![Test and build](https://github.com/ZeaInc/zea-engine/workflows/Test%20and%20build/badge.svg)
![Coverage: Statements](coverage/badge-statements.svg)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@zeainc/zea-engine?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@zeainc/zea-engine)
[![Code style: Prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)
[![This project is using Percy.io for visual regression testing.](https://percy.io/static/images/percy-badge.svg)](https://percy.io/36dba56e/zea-engine)

## Docs

[https://docs.zea.live/zea-engine/](https://docs.zea.live/zea-engine/)

## Getting started

1. Install Git.
2. Install Node.js from here: https://nodejs.org/en/download/ using the default options. It should be straight forward.
3. Install dependencies.

- Install the [Yarn package manager](https://yarnpkg.com/) (it should be included in the latest Node.js version).
- Run `yarn install`

4. Build:

- See the [scripts section](#scripts) below.

## Scripts

Note: The Zea Engine documentation uses `yarn` commands, but `npm` will also work. You can compare `yarn` and `npm` commands in the [yarn docs, here](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/migrating-from-npm#toc-cli-commands-comparison).

- `yarn run build` - Produces the production version of ZeaEngine.
- `yarn run build:watch` - Produces the development version of ZeaEngine and triggers a re-compilation on file changes.

## Running unit tests

In your development environment you can run:

```bash
yarn test
```

Or, to trigger a re-compilation on file changes:

```bash
yarn run test:watch
```

In your CI environment you can run:

```bash
yarn install --frozen-lockfile --ignore-scripts
yarn run build
yarn test
```

## Debugging unit tests

1. In your development environment, run:

```bash
yarn run test:debug
```

2. In your Chromium based browser, use this address to open the inspector: `chrome://inspect/#devices`

3. From the list of targets, click the one that corresponds to the Zea Engine.

4. Use the [debugger statement](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/debugger) to add breakpoints to your code.

5. Your browser will reload and now you're ready to start debugging.

## Typical development workflow

1. Open your preferred terminal.

2. Navigate to the directory containing the ZeaEngine sources. E.g. `cd ~/your-dir/zea-engine/`

3. Build ZeaEngine in development mode:

- Run `yarn run build:watch`. Produces the development version of ZeaEngine and triggers a re-compilation on file changes.

## About E2E testing

The End-to-End (E2E) testing technique allows us to ensure that the rendering results are always the expected ones.
We use the [Percy visual review platform](https://percy.io/) to capture and compare snapshots.
It's also a very important part of our CI/CD workflow, so we can catch and fix bugs as soon as they happen.

### How to run the E2E tests

1. From the [Percy project settings](https://percy.io/36dba56e/zea-engine/settings), copy the _project token_.

2. In your terminal, assign the _project token_ to an environment variable. For convenience, you can use a tool such as [direnv](https://direnv.net/).

3. Run:

```bash
yarn run test:e2e
```

Or, if you want to inspect the tests as they run:

```bash
yarn run test:e2e:watch
```

### How to set up a new E2E test

1. Run:

```bash
yarn generate e2e-test
```

You'll be prompted for the test's name.

## Publishing a new release

1. All unit and E2E tests must be passing.
2. To generate the release notes and bump the version, run:
```bash
yarn run release
```
3. Check for spelling issues and other inconsistencies.
4. To bump the package version, run:
```bash
yarn version
```

5. Regenerate the API docs
```bash
yarn docs
```

6. Push your changes. The GitHub Action script takes care of publishing every time you push a new tag.


### Publishing a pre-release

Pre-releases are potentially unstable releases meant for tests of new features before they are published to an production release.

This command automatically calculates the next stable version and a release candidate version.

```bash
yarn version --prerelease --preid rc
```

Adds an identifier specified by <pre-identifier> to be used to prefix premajor, preminor, prepatch or prerelease version increments.
```bash
yarn version --prerelease --preid <pre-identifier>
```
