<a name="Camera"></a>

### Camera 
The Camera class is used to provide a point of view of the scene. The viewport is assigned
a camera, which is uses during drawing. The camera controls the view and projection used to
render the scene.

Cameras can provide a perspective projection, or an orthographic projection, and anything in between.
To configure whether th projection provided by the camera is Orthographic or Perspective, set
the value of the 'isOrthographic' Parameter to a value between 0 and 1. 0.0 being fully perspective
and 1.0 being fully Orthographic.
Alternatively, you can call camera.setIsOrthographic and pass the value, and a time in milliseconds to
take to transition between the current value and your new value.
```javascript
  camera.setIsOrthographic(1, 400);
```

By default, the Camera automatically adjusts the near and far planes as the focal distance is modified. This
behavior can be disabled, by setting the adjustNearAndFarPlanesToFocalDist property to false.
Alternatively, you can also adjust the factors that are used to modify the near and far plane based on the
focal distance.
```javascript
  camera.adjustNearAndFarPlanesToFocalDist = true
  camera.nearDistFactor = 0.01
  camera.farDistFactor = 10000
```

**Parameters**
* **isOrthographic([`NumberParameter`](api/SceneTree/Parameters/NumberParameter.md)):** Controls the projection matrix generated by the camera. A value of 0.0, means a perspective projection, while 1 an orthographic projection. Any value in between generates a blended perspective -> orthographic projection.
* **fov([`NumberParameter`](api/SceneTree/Parameters/NumberParameter.md)):** The vertical angle of the view frustum when generating a perspective projection. In orthographic mode, this value is used to calculate the size of the view at the target distance.
* **near([`NumberParameter`](api/SceneTree/Parameters/NumberParameter.md)):** The near clipping distance of the camera.
* **far([`NumberParameter`](api/SceneTree/Parameters/NumberParameter.md)):** The far clipping distance of the camera.
* **focalDistance([`NumberParameter`](api/SceneTree/Parameters/NumberParameter.md)):** The distance at which the camera is focussed. Note: the CameraManipulator sets the focal distance when zooming in on a target.

**Events**
* **projectionParamChanged:** When on of the parameters above change, the camera emits this event. Note: the Viewport listens to this event and triggers re-rendering.
* **movementFinished:** Triggered at the conclusion of some action. E.g. when a zoom action is finished, or when the mouse is released after an orbit action. The viewport listens to this event and triggers a re-rendering of the selection buffers.


**Extends**: <code>[TreeItem](api/SceneTree/TreeItem.md)</code>  

* [Camera ⇐ <code>TreeItem</code>](#Camera)
    * [new Camera(name)](#new-Camera)
    * [getNear() ⇒ <code>number</code>](#getNear)
    * [setNear(value)](#setNear)
    * [getFar() ⇒ <code>number</code>](#getFar)
    * [setFar(value)](#setFar)
    * [getFov() ⇒ <code>number</code>](#getFov)
    * [setFov(value)](#setFov)
    * [setLensFocalLength(value)](#setLensFocalLength)
    * [getFocalDistance() ⇒ <code>number</code>](#getFocalDistance)
    * [setFocalDistance(dist)](#setFocalDistance)
    * [isOrthographic() ⇒ <code>boolean</code>](#isOrthographic)
    * [setIsOrthographic(value, duration)](#setIsOrthographic)
    * [setPositionAndTarget(position, target)](#setPositionAndTarget)
    * [getTargetPosition() ⇒ <code>Vec3</code>](#getTargetPosition)
    * [frameView(viewport, treeItems)](#frameView)
    * [updateProjectionMatrix(mat, aspect)](#updateProjectionMatrix)

<a name="new_Camera_new"></a>

### new Camera
Instantiates a camera object, setting default configuration like zoom, target and positioning.


| Param | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| name | <code>string</code> | The name of the camera. |

<a name="Camera+getNear"></a>

### getNear
Returns `near` parameter value.


**Returns**: <code>number</code> - - Returns the near value.  
<a name="Camera+setNear"></a>

### setNear
Sets `near` parameter value



| Param | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| value | <code>number</code> | The near value. |

<a name="Camera+getFar"></a>

### getFar
Returns `far` parameter value.


**Returns**: <code>number</code> - - Returns the far value.  
<a name="Camera+setFar"></a>

### setFar
Sets `far` parameter value



| Param | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| value | <code>number</code> | The far value. |

<a name="Camera+getFov"></a>

### getFov
Getter for the camera field of view (FOV).
The FOV is how much of the scene the camera can see at once.


**Returns**: <code>number</code> - - Returns the FOV value.  
<a name="Camera+setFov"></a>

### setFov
Setter for the camera field of view (FOV).
The FOV is how much of the scene the camera can see at once.



| Param | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| value | <code>number</code> | The FOV value. |

<a name="Camera+setLensFocalLength"></a>

### setLensFocalLength
Setter for the camera lens focal length. Updates `fov` parameter value after a small math procedure.

**Focal Length accepted values:** 10mm, 11mm, 12mm, 14mm, 15mm, 17mm, 18mm,
19mm, 20mm, 24mm, 28mm, 30mm, 35mm, 45mm, 50mm, 55mm, 60mm, 70mm, 75mm, 80mm,
85mm, 90mm, 100mm, 105mm, 120mm, 125mm, 135mm, 150mm, 170mm, 180mm, 210mm, 300mm,
400mm, 500mm, 600mm, 800mm



| Param | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| value | <code>string</code> | The lens focal length value. |

<a name="Camera+getFocalDistance"></a>

### getFocalDistance
Returns `focalDistance` parameter value.


**Returns**: <code>number</code> - - Returns the lens focal length value..  
<a name="Camera+setFocalDistance"></a>

### setFocalDistance
Sets `focalDistance` parameter value.


**Errors**: on dist value lower or less than zero.  

| Param | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| dist | <code>number</code> | The focal distance value. |

<a name="Camera+isOrthographic"></a>

### isOrthographic
Returns true if the camera is providing an orthographic projection.


**Returns**: <code>boolean</code> - - true if orthographic else false  
<a name="Camera+setIsOrthographic"></a>

### setIsOrthographic
Sets the camera to be orthographic. The value can be between 0, and 1.
A value of 0 means fully perspective. A value of 1 means fully orthographic.
Any value in between produces a linear interpolation of perspective and orthographic.



| Param | Type | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| value | <code>boolean</code> |  | The value param. |
| duration | <code>Number</code> | <code>0</code> | The duration in milliseconds to change the projection. |

<a name="Camera+setPositionAndTarget"></a>

### setPositionAndTarget
Setter for the camera position and target.
As described at the start of the class, this is a `TreeItem`,
which means we can move it around using translation modifiers.
You can do it this way or using the changing `TreeItem` parameters,
although we recommend this one because it also changes focal distance.



| Param | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| position | <code>[Vec3](api/Math/Vec3.md)</code> | The position of the camera. |
| target | <code>[Vec3](api/Math/Vec3.md)</code> | The target of the camera. |

<a name="Camera+getTargetPosition"></a>

### getTargetPosition
Getter for the target position.


**Returns**: <code>[Vec3](api/Math/Vec3.md)</code> - - Returns the target position.  
<a name="Camera+frameView"></a>

### frameView
Calculates a new camera position that frames all the items passed in `treeItems` array, moving
the camera to a point where we can see all of them.



| Param | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| viewport | <code>[GLBaseViewport](api/Renderer/GLBaseViewport.md)</code> | The viewport value. |
| treeItems | <code>array</code> | The treeItems value. |

<a name="Camera+updateProjectionMatrix"></a>

### updateProjectionMatrix
Sets camera perspective from a Mat4 object.



| Param | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| mat | <code>[Mat4](api/Math/Mat4.md)</code> | The mat value. |
| aspect | <code>number</code> | The aspect value. |

