docs/README.md, before:

[//]: <> (Author: Michael Smith)
[//]: <> (Date: August 03, 2020)

# About the Zea Engine

The Zea Engine is for innovative manufacturers and industry 4.0 supporters who need to build web applications.

Zea Engine is a web-based 3D rendering solution designed from the ground up for CAD and professional graphics. Zea Engine provides the best in class power, speed, and reach for the next generation of web applications.

## Power

The Zea Engine was designed with the highest requirements in mind, giving developers a suite of tools to address the toughest challenges in modern professional graphics app development. Zea Engine pushes the limits of what a developer can achieve in the browser by focusing on power and performance.

## Versatility

No single solution can solve all problems out of the box. Therefore, the Zea Engine uses a modular architecture that enables developers to integrate new functionalities. Zea keeps the essential features in the core while allowing powerful extensions to be built, either by Zea, to expand the engine's scope, or by third parties who wish to develop specific solutions.

## Reach

Applications that leverage the web browser are already available on all modern devices. These web applications provide a friction-free and straightforward way to deliver content without requiring users to install a player. Zea Engine is designed for the web and enables new categories of high performance and versatile web applications. 

## Getting Started

To gain a deeper understanding of the engine, please read the [Architecture Overview](arch-overview.md).

If you are new to web development, make sure to read the [Recommended Web Development Tools](getting-started/development-setup.md) to get setup.

If it's your first time using the engine, make sure you read the [Getting Started Using the Engine](getting-started/get-started-with-engine.md) to learn how to work with the engine.

If you are primarily interested in working with CAD data, you can find information on the Zea CAD Plugin on the [Plugins and Tools](plugins-and-tools.md) page.

## Licensing

These docs allow developers to get started with the Zea Engine by downloading free and open-source demo content and using Zea's publicly distributed client-side libraries. 

To evaluate the engine with your proprietary content, you will need to access our server-side libraries and a restricted non-commercial evaluation license. 

To build a commercial application, you need a commercial licensing agreement.

> For questions on licensing, please fill out the contact form on our website: [zea.live](https://zea.live/)

### Good-To-Know

The source code for live demos found in our docs is licensed under the MIT license and available publicly on GitHub.
We also certify free and open-source User Experience (UX) and User Interface (UI) libraries under the MIT license.

Commit message:

docs: cleaned up NPM readme and provided dev readme. Trying to clarify the liccense terms a little more.

docs/README.md, after:

[//]: <> (Author: Michael Smith)
[//]: <> (Date: August 03, 2020)

# About the Zea Engine

The Zea Engine is for innovative manufacturers and industry 4.0 supporters who need to build web applications.

Zea Engine is a web-based 3D rendering solution designed from the ground up for CAD and professional graphics. Zea Engine provides the best in class power, speed, and reach for the next generation of web applications.

## Power

The Zea Engine was designed with the highest requirements in mind, giving developers a suite of tools to address the toughest challenges in modern professional graphics app development. Zea Engine pushes the limits of what a developer can achieve in the browser by focusing on power and performance.

## Versatility

No single solution can solve all problems out of the box. Therefore, the Zea Engine uses a modular architecture that enables developers to integrate new functionalities. Zea keeps the essential features in the core while allowing powerful extensions to be built, either by Zea, to expand the engine's scope, or by third parties who wish to develop specific solutions.

## Reach

Applications that leverage the web browser are already available on all modern devices. These web applications provide a friction-free and straightforward way to deliver content without requiring users to install a player. Zea Engine is designed for the web and enables new categories of high performance and versatile web applications. 

## Getting Started

To gain a deeper understanding of the engine, please read the [Architecture Overview](arch-overview.md).

If you are new to web development, make sure to read the [Recommended Web Development Tools](getting-started/development-setup.md) to get setup.

If it's your first time using the engine, make sure you read the [Getting Started Using the Engine](getting-started/get-started-with-engine.md) to learn how to work with the engine.

If you are primarily interested in working with CAD data, you can find information on the Zea CAD Plugin on the [Plugins and Tools](plugins-and-tools.md) page.

## Licensing

The Zea Engine is distributed via NPM under a proprietary closed source license which gives developers the rights to evaluate Zea Engine and build non-commercial applications. By downloading the Zea Engine, your agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this license available on the Zea Website: [zea.live](https://zea.live/)

These docs allow developers to get started with the Zea Engine by downloading free and open-source demo content and using Zea's publicly distributed client-side libraries. 

To evaluate the engine with your proprietary content, you will need to access our server-side libraries and a restricted non-commercial evaluation license. 

To build a commercial application, you need a commercial licensing agreement.

> For questions on licensing, please fill out the contact form on our website: [zea.live](https://zea.live/)

### Good-To-Know

The source code for live demos found in our docs is licensed under the MIT license and available publicly on GitHub.
We also certify free and open-source User Experience (UX) and User Interface (UI) libraries under the MIT license.
